Top 5 best video games of all time (1995–2020)
I was born in 1995 so there are dozens of ways you could put together a list of the best video games ever made. But I will choose the ones that are memorable and in my opinion and other experts in the are the best video games of all time.
1- World of Warcraft
November de 2004
While many people might suggest that it is because it has one of the biggest user bases that is greater than many other MMOs combined, it is not so. Rather conversely, it is because it is so good.
World of Warcraft has taken in ideas and mechanics from a popular genre and has streamlined and optimized it in a way that no game has ever done before.
The game made it simple enough that even kids could grasp the situation and were able to challenge adult players and defeat them. It also provided players with better opportunities to level up than its predecessors. Often at times, players were piled with tens of quests at once.
World of Warcraft
2- League of Legends
October 2009
There is no doubt the boom of e-sport comes with the most addicting and toxic game in the history of video games: League of Legends
Most sports games aren’t really about playing sports, so much as they’re about watching sports. Or more to the point they’re about making it so the sport you’re watching gets to play out exactly as you’d imagine it, as a fan at home, in your head.
If you are playing a match for about 45 minutes, you may think about nothing but your job. You need to farm, gank, win the duel with your opposite number, influence the rest of the playing field, target objectives, manage the game, read the game, adapt to it, turn the screw when you’re ahead, and kill momentum when you’re behind — and on and on and on, each and every element requiring you to think as an individual and a collective, as one. It’s body and mind: mechanical mastery (which I’ll never reach) and cognitive zen (that neither). Queuing up pre-game is signing a waiver. You are saying that you are promising to submit your will, no matter the interruption, to the common goal. A lot of the time it’s sheer masochism, absolutely, and by virtue of that, it inspires a particularly insipid elitism amongst its players. But the payoff from that punishment, the full-body euphoria of the win, is just utterly unsurpassed.
3- Counter-Strike 1.6
September 2003
There could not be an FPS game on this list, and for that reason, without any doubt, the best of the best was and will be Counter-Strike 1.6.
Counter-Strike is brilliant in its Terrorist vs. Counter-Terrorist execution, as each objective-based match comes down to teamwork, strategy, and pure skill. There is no regenerating health. There are no persistent equipment unlocks.
If you like solo playing Half-Life 3, is worth a mention but CS 1.6 is the introduction of a new era for multiplayer online games, with games like Age of Empire 2 starting to push the competitive online format.
4- Resident Evil 4
January 2005
If you are making a list of the best games ever you need to put one PlayStation 2 game in it because it was the best console ever created, this pick was very difficult to decide because I have to choose between so many games for example the GTA sagas, but if you play this game at least 2 times you will understand its potential.
Resident Evil 4 is often considered one of the best video games of all time. Nintendo Power ranked it as number one in their list of the top 25 best GameCube games of all time in 2005 and also ranked it second on their list of the best games of the 2000s in 2010.
Resident Evil 4 introduced an innovative behind-the-shoulder camera angle that you’ve seen in so many games. Here, for better and not worse, is the new third-person shooter. You’re not watching an enemy from the corner-angle of a basement cellar slowly creep up to you. You’re in amongst it all. You’re in the action, watching the recoil of every shot from your pump shotgun or the mad slash of a chainsaw-wielding Las Plagas victim. You’re not playing as a hot-muscle-bound-fantastic-haircut-perfect-quipping special agent. You are the hot-muscle-bound-fantastic-haircut special agent. Resident Evil 4 is.
5- Pokemon Red/Blue
Febraury 1996
Pokemon Blue set us on the path to being the very best like no one ever was, and we haven’t looked back since. The world of Kanto still feels just as magical as it ever did, and the original 151 Pokemon are the most memorable in the franchise’s history for their wonderful designs. Who can forget the classic starter Pokemon, Bulbasaur, Squirtle, and Charmander?
This turn-based strategy game is so simple and fun and using some mechanics and concepts has to be on the list if you were born in 1995 you have to be a fan.
I understand if you want to put The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time (1998), it's totally fine, but the decision is mine.
Conclusion
I am tired of writing now, and this is the top 5 games from 1995 to 2020 without any doubt if you think your game deserves a mention, let me know in the comments and we can change this top.